# MA1805-INTERWEB

https://youtu.be/z5jZ9lrSpqk?si=CB1iGhRChh8mLVqs
https://youtu.be/twsYxYaQikI?si=1u3KdJ_L5-JNH8tF
https://youtu.be/HD13eq_Pmp8?si=nzGrXVLHThwyKx8g

This project was honestly the toughest one ive done yet. At first I was totally stuck on what idea i wanted to do, but after a lot of back and forth i  landed on making an interactive web piece about surveillance. I started by checking out other web art projects, like My Boyfriend Came Back From the Wa to get some ideas. My first attempt involved using a camera tracking sketch I found on p5.js but it got deleted alongside everything i added afterwards. i had already coded about half the project and forgot to save, so I had to scrap everything and create a new repository and start over. I ended up watching a bunch of youtube tutorials and coding tips on tiktok while casually browsing to pick up new tricks, and I also spent time in the library with classmates where we swapped coding tips and helped each other out. As the project came together i added audio effects and used a close up photo of my friends eye that i turned into a png to really hilight the surveillance theme. I added very simple coding comments to help me remeber the next step i wanted to code. The beginning was rough while i was coming up with the idea and figuring out how to actually pull it off but in the end, I learned a ton and pushed my coding skills. I still feel like i could have added alot more detail but due to redoing the project i was left with little time to finish it. Next time i will make sure i am careful with saving and storing work and also work on my time managment when it comes too assignments. 